#982: ability for user specific workspace configuration templates (#1010)
devonfw/IDEasy: documentation/configuration.adoc

* `variable_name=~/some/path/and.file`
+
Tilde is resolved to your personal home directory on any OS including windows.
* `array_variable=value1,value2,value3`
+
See link:variables.adoc[variables] for candidates that support array values.
* Please never surround values with quotes (`var="value"`)
* This format is similar to Java `*.properties` but does not support advanced features as unicode literals, multi-lined values, etc.

In order to know what to configure, have a look at the available link:variables.adoc[variables].

Please only tweak configurations that you need to change and be aware:

> High flexibility comes with great responsibility.

> So please only configure and override that are needed and that you can manage and take responsibility for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So please only configure and override what is needed and what you can manage and take responsibility for.
```
